Fix typos (#2)
chtefi/how-to-make-a-good-website: README.md

        integrity="sha384-oqVuAfXRKap7fdgcCY5uykM6+R9GqQ8K/uxy9rx7HNQlGYl1kPzQho1wx4JwY8wC"
        crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
```
  - Protect against exploits
    - CSRF/XSRF https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery
    - JSON Hijacking http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2669690/why-does-google-prepend-while1-to-their-json-responses GET requests that respond with a JSON array can be leaked.
    - XSS https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting
    - XSSI http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8028511/what-is-cross-site-script-inclusion-xssi
    - SQL Injection https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL_injection

>   - Protect the servers against bruteforce attacks (add some kind of ban politics)

Author: ```suggestion
  - Protect the servers against brute-force attacks (add some kind of ban politics)
```
